(DOCSP-39501): Consolidate Quick Start page (#3280)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/includes/api-details/kotlin/quick-start/quick-start-import-realm-description.rst

.. note:: Using this Quick Start with KMP  

>    If you're running this project in a fresh Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP) template project, you can
>    copy and paste the following snippets into the :file:`Greeting.greeting()` method in the
>    :file:`commonMain` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you're following this quick start in a fresh Kotlin Multiplatform (KMP) template 
   project, you can copy and paste the snippets into the :file:`Greeting.greeting()` 
   method in the :file:`commonMain` module.
```

At the top of your source files where you want to use the SDK, add

> the appropriate imports. For this quick start, we use these imports:

Reviewer: can be replaced with the generic import includes I mentioned earlier
